Oh, dear.
Report to the official
Linjiang City is as cheap as 900,000 a bucket
Brother Ding
Pingjiang City is as cheap as 860,000 a bucket
Lord Zhao Linjiang City is as cheap as 800,000
Sir
Linjiang City is as cheap as 700,000
That's a good move
When adults return to Chang'an
The officer will prepare some of this tea for the adults
Of course, it should be thin at your own expense.
Intoxication is a human relationship
Tea is not necessary
Directly discounted, eh?
I don't like these vulgar things
Light directly
High 10
Shangguan University, look
Why aren't you nervous?
This son is like this
Just kidding.
Ahhh hahahaha uh
Adults, officials, and food and clothing resonate
Why do these 4 great injuries have to be trampled on like this?
If it weren't for their selling
Just based on some good injuries from other places
It's hard to measure so fast in a short period of time.
These 4 great injuries
Experience unity is also destined to experience storms
Human nature has been like this since ancient times
Compared to Liangshan in other places
Their cost is enough to save
Limited transportation capacity
But it doesn't represent part of it.
Her Majesty the Empress of Dejing is majestic and noble
But the situation in Daqin has been bad for three consecutive years
If you just look at one year
Good times and bad times are indistinguishable
But if you look at it over four years
In their eyes
The probability of a good situation next year is greater than the probability of a bad situation
Once the grain price in Lianjiangcheng stabilizes
They can't sell their backlog of grain
Next year will be extremely conscientious
Once the new grain is harvested next year, there will be enough water
Let alone enjoy the cool
It is also common for parents to be as low as 30 yuan
They would rather cut the meat and leave the stage
Also unwilling to obtain maternal blood violations
Understand this
You know what they do.
Hold someone else to death first
back shot
Die for others
Well, if they join forces
They agreed not to sell it at all
Hmph, but a verbal agreement
Is that a joke?
Everyone is a joke
Don't sell if others sell it secretly
If someone else sells
Then am I finished?
So clever next
New, Linjiang City is such a fart
They are the local ministers
Can't finish the other three at all
So stampede is inevitable
I just didn't expect them to hit so hard
This is simply
Thank you for your guidance
Dingguo Kung Fu has produced an incredible Jilin word